What
one ?
Why
four ?
Hey ,
inspirational cultural
there.
Yeah.
Work.
Explain what
supplies
here ?
Sex.
That ?
Yeah.
What
you
clearly ,
Harry ?
Example.
That part ?
Yeah.
That enable tears of white.
Ready ?
Obligation.
That
what ?
No.
In the hair
cakes.
On what ? Those ?
Yeah.
I love that line.
Do not reflect
when they do reflect a situation.
Our operation actual. Barry ,
stay.
Call us. We are spiders ,
right ?
Discrimination ,
patience ,
language as well.
TV bucks.
It said
Hayes
Wei are
fight
aces ,
Sam
Energy.
Fine. By your age
on ly access
Institutional
express
Some people ,
no
other people without
me.
We're iss
still
against the others as well ,
Please.
Here's an example.
Oh ,
great.
I just want to say
yeah
with me.
Got it.
Hey ,
listen ,
Dallas years appeared 17
wait
left.
Women
wait.
Black
West ,
Every ethnic racial.
Then
what ?
It's mine statistics is that Census Bureau Other agencies don't keep any statistics That lesbians forget it
itself
is
because
his heart
What ?
Just keep in
mind , they fall
Category five
cast their states
there
had access to double their money.
Not there.
years
there
true
again.
Vegetables
west
What ?
And
what
less access ,
especially for you
living alone ? Especially young women.
That is 40 children or
has increased
ported. Others love situation More
minutes.
What ?
88.
What ? Here ?
Here
and limited situation also
dance.
Anyone situation ? No support system.
For example , You have seen
3 220,000
heavy weather.
Wait.
And they
were all
77,000
End up Taking care of children is not
Charlie.
It's
sure
sexual.
Yeah.
What ?
Four
A. Want custody of your children.
It's tested by
Oh ,
with poverty level is much higher.
Yeah.
Are you , like , work more so with your black black
access to money ?
Obviously
it's one
less
for sexual harassment. Yeah.
Yeah ,
experience.
It also means less
light
once.
No
means that you like.
Wait.
Yeah ,
a majority
left
here
like
it's like
that
There also
here
black ,
More life.
Fine.
Yeah ,
Beans.
Or
most
besides
what ?
What ?
Here ?
No ,
no ,
just
prostitute escape.
Hey ,
concerned.
many
trade one you're responsible for getting
when
no
power ,
Jax.
Hey.
Yeah ,
no.
Same time.
Yeah ,
we understand.
Yeah.
Great.
Four.
Yeah ,
Yeah.
Here.
Right.
No ,
wait.
Come on.
No.
What ?
The office.
So
Yeah ,
yeah ,
yes.
Here.
Fine.
Puberty crisis.
Miss
regarding
here
minutes.
Terrible.
Get that woman
fine
sickness.
Terry.
Assistant
back
1974.
What ?
Okay ,
it's not
well.
Yeah ,
She
what ?
Call security.
He's ready ?
Yeah.
Work.
Work ?
Yeah.
Realistic.
Similarly ,
president ,
especially for you
here.
Death.
I can't.
Nevertheless ,
life.
This marriage will last
to us.
Mainly black.
Recent ,
maybe.
Great.
It's
Phil.
Cancer.
Just
steady.
No ,
those
1976 kills
98.
in 1970.
Yeah ,
Confusing.
Come
on.
Yeah ,
yeah.
Eliminated.
Any advice ?
CDCs.
Really ?
Yeah.
Your cramps
shield.
Nice.
A year later.
Still
sterilisations
history. Sterilization ?
Usually.
No ,
he's
here.
No.
Tell
me. Yeah.
Social action.
18 Issue regulations stops.
Yeah ,
majority
Distract me from the worst kind. All major surgical procedures.
Their side of this minimized
Sit here.
Vito found Fatih loss of memory loss
since 1917.
Session
two. Obligations too.
Tails.
This is misleading. Actually , there's only 20% successful
first separation.
No current female
with this statement.
Say this methods or the diagram from the rhythm method in the mail.
But these need safe , legal , affordable abortions.
Socialise. Legal for women , Not me.
Illegality of abortion.
1973 is now in session.
The Supreme court this term will decided face which further restrict access to abortion.
States
You stay.
Meanwhile , pharmaceutical industry meant first of all major industries of us.
Yeah ,
it's fine.
No ,
you
here.
Scientists are elected to subject men
large doses of sex for money ,
however.
Email
from 1921 1975. Several researchers about safes
means of causing temporary infertility
by applying a key to the testicles.
Insulated underwear , ultrasound.
All work on TMS. Temporary sterilization was impeded by
ministrations. Obstacles.
One of the search was told. We had to test ultrasound in 10 minutes. Serous trustees before
subjects
in three years , he could. Finally , one such volunteer obviously researched
the same researcher in 1975
was using ultrasound to treat herpes simplex.
He was not required to test it. First on women ,
the male sex organs are Holy Land Scientist
testing
estimations
Section four
sessions.
It's
no new mail.
76 1985 Researchers in the earlyeighties has to be
years before that.
They're dissecting , Be safe , Cheap , reversible Male sterilization
operation , which does not affect sexual performance ,
is commonly described by doctors.
It has never been
Yeah ,
jeez.
Even before
peace.
Establishing his response to women and AIDS resembled response.
TV's
research and funding for STDs. US.
Curing
gonorrhea
Gonorrhea have symptoms are tested.
The grand stand.
It's 99%.
Only
about 60%. Women with gonorrhea considered asymptomatic. That test
similarly idiot. Most Communist
considered a sin.
Was this 30% ?
Actually ,
your symptoms are less.
No.
This has serious implications for AIDS.
Yes ,
guests. First , the women may well be
a ways from here.
Second medical establishment.
Got it. Thousands here in 1977.
Yeah ,
Many unaware.
Gonorrhea is more harmful.
I'm detective. Gonorrhea
often leads to pelvic inflammatory disease. Side effects agonising pain
him to the
oops.
1977. Yeah.
Hospitalisation
for days.
Cases that felt the inflammatory.
If gonorrhea is far into detective women , there was no reliable routine tests.
Inventions. The only means
the medical establishment. It's always yours.
In the case of beady to stress , prevention would also be accepted.
Sex ,
right ?
Reality ,
two accidents.
This policy is that stuff
protesting
prevention efforts
initially
Nice.
We've been working hard.
Your life ?
Yeah.
Six.
Just
forcible.
No.
Yeah.
Years.
Our principles.
How we apply them in practice.
Yeah.
Parable to the AIDS activist movement.
Disgusting.
First , some facts about
No.
After our bodies ourselves is published. News
16.
I had the first easy access.
Yeah ,
No.
And
prior to that time ,
first to feminist clinics
inseventy in Chicago and Minneapolis.
And then in 1971
Prospect , We're setting up self help groups. Demonstrate
what ?
No ,
and distributing
other
self help supplies.
These self help which strung up as a result of this war.
Kate.
Five
I have been
and 116 women centers.
No.
Yeah.
Party. Great.
This number 12
war
doctors
life.
The reason herbs. And
for
it's a killer.
In short ,
what
the first principle I talk about
is that
I believed that
will be sexist.
We've been getting
trust doctors trust
care because a visit to a
doctor ?
No ,
that women's liberation movement
contest. For us to change this , we felt
all our lives.
So
this inequality in relationship to doctors and said ,
Yeah ,
you could
basic health
teachers.
And so
decision
here.
Yeah.
So we changed the way
five
shin in service.
Yeah ,
And by developing training ,
please ,
burgers.
We wanted for myself.
Yeah ,
and openly opposed and challenge store before ,
but here is pretty here.
We'll provide health care.
Fine.
This assumption is already helped. Many people and people of color comes out of there
as Sonny. He says
quote exists. Highlighted a lot of problems
minorities knew about
get community. Wasn't
no minorities.
Yeah ,
The next principal is us
himself.
This man has to find common procedures and critiquing
what is most exciting.
Yeah ,
It was organized by 40 women from Chicago.
Jane advertised. Very simply.
Women would call get a massive. Actually ,
James called back ,
and Jane arranged safe illegal horses for
these women.
So given an address council ,
there's
to place
for you
here.
Then
that place would change , Period.
No
thing about the abortion itself
when they
what ?
Really ?
Hello ?
No.
And
hey ,
right. Yeah.
11,000.
Say
71.
Plastic
that excuse to open the child
the cervix
class expected. Put it inside her own body.
Flashlight , look , service.
And it was enraged.
Simple
Carol.
Sorry.
One
war. Just your answer.
Hello.
Really ?
Tree ?
Yeah. Hey ,
After all ,
because
what ?
Just
run.
Various. It brought our commonality
and
Teo
man ,
We also
a lot of information.
Nonsense.
Much too grand
about recipes for birth.
And it's
right.
Yeah ,
basically.
Yeah.
Experiences
study.
Bye.
Eight.
Simple.
Okay ,
Delicious.
You are.
But
I still exist
beyond their own circles
in order for place.
Yeah.
Yeah ,
but
we have to simplify.
You can't understand.
Yeah.
I also started cheering
speed up themselves.
Official
jets
believe
no.
Similar.
What ?
No.
A lot of work.
Their body. What's going on ?
The man has tell movement also where ?
Rich to critique
Big
One.
It's getting late.
Nation
which Yeah.
Yes.
Now ,
Thomas
makes sense.
Help
75.
It's raining outside ,
man
practice. So
you did
okay.
Yeah.
Hey ,
kill
No ,
no ,
right.
It's clear.
Yes.
Fire four.
What ?
We can
Weapons
power.
All right ?
Yeah.
So
also ,
yeah.
Fight.
Yeah.
Feel
for abortion. We did not want any mention of abortion on books. It all just like
what ?
Separately ?
Abortion should be.
Cass talked
a A number of feminist groups had to accept jewels. Money from the government ,
out to a fire.
Good.
More about the
intervention.
Feminists
of the main points
that money strings attached. It doesn't mean that we won't take it.
Man.
What ?
Here was a bad state.
Quick , Go
wait.
Russian
guys ,
That's it.
So are you. Kitchen labs for alternative grass of its created testing site.
Inside.
Eliminate anonymous testing required.
Tracy
Wait could develop our own testing sites. People will develop means when
Trust me.
Yes ,
gets on issue about Lawrence's
Wait ,
what
And because they did not
interest
me thought that mention you
none or as many.
No ,
take it.
I don't have that safe
Hey
number
fire What
education you can get. What
racist classes. So
but when abortion
became stronger
and
we had to keep in mind that
abortion rights
action
that nobody else would ,
more mainstream groups ended up being more power.
Yeah ,
now a politics that needs that sterilization ,
what
women in the country today
and prevail.
We have to think about single issue a warrant.
Also , for example ,
before we had a lot of those who would
yes ,
access ,
we have to think about
right.
What ,
here.
Change that.
And we also have to look at alliances with progressive and independent service providers with animus groups. One of R
a better way with activist groups like Apple Committee Against Divorce right
out there
sense
what ?
Okay ,
Yeah ,
out
drink
three.
Fight.
Great.
No ,
it's no coincidence that
yeah ,
it's successive failures
and also
are you
see ?
Take it.
Yeah.
And brother debilitated by
three.
Fine.
And rise with , right ?
Yeah ,
because I was threatened.
Three.
Well , yeah ,
Yeah.
These families , clinics
ready ?
Security.
This is
importantly , they were teaching women how to stay out.
I'm a little nervous. And their response to that by swimming.
Thanks.
Bye.
Right.
Why
fire
and how
bye
they didn't actually
five years
Sources ?
No ,
right.
A company ,
I think.
Press it.
Wass
please
since
wait
like
a lot
st
it's happening , right ?
You were
saying accessible.
That practice common things like upset 1000 consent bills.
Correct.
Fine.
Get consent. Now get
guys
obvious for
yeah ,
No
See
And attempt. Arrest ,
Help !
There's
a case in San
Undercover.
No. What's
it like being stabbed
six cents
from pressure like that ?
Yeah.
To really concentrate on actually arrested.
You really are. There you go.
Yeah ,
you
fight , right ?
Yeah.
Wait
right has no life.
You see that ?
No.
You Right.
Fine ,
right.
Why ,
right
are 19
four.
Why ?
Fine ,
please.
Never
Between
No
bombings
fire.
Bye.
We ask things like
rest
shut.
So
cancer
Flanders ,
it's like
three of us.
Yeah , racism class.
What ?
Those issues can be seen is the issue of sterilization
cast ?
No ,
it's increases , doctor.
No
force consent laws trying.
Unfortunately ,
palace
blocks because included with that way
wait three days
there was. It's because of this in the feminist community.
No
civilization.
Finally
mental.
No
wass for working conditions.
One
alive
to answer
so
well
a lot.
One example , I guess. Best describe that
Wait. Four women going and say , Get abortion sometimes getting sterilized without their knowledge.
The consent forms being
man
Yeah , 30 days
period least trying.
They would have people sign them like that
Quicksand
You have that
time
Very
You said it
yourself.
First time. Women ,
I thought
I think.
Poor Carol.
I want to ask you
what ?
Help
respond to the challenge of information.
No populations. That
commissioner the same.
Which
what ?
Wass to be very grand.
So take it
as a show.
Yeah ,
provided services to women in growth so that women would hear from each other. Their experiences
explain
So
a regular annual exam
hours
as a post.
Thank
you.
False of people
said about media
help you with the slide show.
So I chose in the films though
similarly if it was a lot of money
do that ?
Yeah.
Yes.
And also , video wasn't there
15 years
ago , so
No.
Yeah ,
yeah ,
the infighting.
Like
what ?
Right
out with it.
This
No
people
in this city
we can go back to sterile.
The 30 day waiting period. Wass
The fight started
77.
That's pretty late , earnest health movement. So really guarding in 19.
No , it's predominantly white. Did not take on the issues that were affected.
Black.
Yeah ,
so
that's what I would say really issues because they are different.
What
say
it's
stupid
is Teo.
We're sort of not acknowledging a lot of wait.
No
flack and black and Latin communities did a lot of this work themselves.
I didn't even mention
it.
So , for example , of a black women's health project developed out of the National women's Health
get back ! 76
out of failure.
Arrested
deal
in fact
work
last night.
So I
understand that
you know what you see is your demands from your point of view , if you start translating them , they become very
that's what
that
access to them
Body elses. Same thing
voice.
Which was that most maids
when
legal. 1977 4
nine Medicaid get
because those women.
So it's going to say I say , Stay around
war.
No ,
There was an internal struggle with two working
well ,
right
that using spirit
as an issue that
wise
around so
wasin others obviously costs split.
Yeah.
What for ?
Get.
I want
to get an abortion. I mean , where was everybody
then ?
Right.
Went home. What ? She said
you leave out.
She's a race and class.
Yes ,
that lost. People consider
pushing the bottom line
to this day.
Lessening any right ?
No. You sit in that car ,
they still jump up. Wait ,
you
wait here. They have very They have not done a work around.
And what's that ?
Is that , you know , like less help
place
all that. So even a lot less work
eventually.
Yeah ,
it's just
I
that's all.
We never
so
just that
he's trying.
It's
here.
You promise ?
No
life
fighting in
France.
No.
Yeah.
I have a horrible
sex
last winter
and way have expiry. Yes , which is
that cost a vaginal kids
Liars
hands. So , man also
just
particular problems.
We know that the pill , which is also
no
dangers
so are you. 46 needs a lot more consideration and really abortion as it's currently
in early stages. A portion is such a simple procedure.
Accurate.
So
farm your guy with all these girls ? I don't think good idea. I also think that I think that was in Paris.
What health movement trying do around abortion wasn't lips , eyes and collective eyes it and make it every woman's issue and everything
are you for 86 will take it completely individually.
House. She'll feel shame
early. You know , it's still unless we take on this issue.
It's like
the fetus is life. It's gonna
be the same.
You want to say that in France
in which you know that that's like
which way do it as opposed to abortion ? Just clear voice.
I mean , I think women should have the choice.
You mentioned that choice , but women have
clear it's clear
information about the risks.
There was a recent
Sunday Times magazine , which I
so I'm steady. What
moustache ? In response to the street ,
that was a test.
No ,
it was just that interested
how safe it was